[fix]:[CCM-14174]: Delegate Hotfix version 80313 Release Notes (#3243)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

### Hotfixes

#### Version 80313

> - We are receiving high number of errors on prod related to `OverlappingFileLockException`. This is caused by Chronicle Queue library which we are using. With this version, we have upgraded the Chronicle libraries which has already this fix in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There were several `OverlappingFileLockException` errors caused by the version of the Chronicle Queue library used. (CCM-14174)

   The issue has been resolved. We upgraded the Chronicle Queue library to fix the errors.
```
